# -Final-Project-Code
Advanced Software Engineering Final Project - Bank Appointment Booking Application ( ReactJs, Java Spring Boot and MySQL DB)
Description:
This application will allow the requestor to select a reason for an appointment (Bank, Hospital, etc), then select from a list of locations and then a specific date and time. 
Due to logistics some portions of the application will need to be mocked. You will need to create the locations and each location must have a separate set appointment times. The location times can be derived from a default set of appointments with the ability for customization. The appointment times must take into consideration the days of the week (i.e., Saturdays have shorter hours than weekdays.) and Federal Holidays when the bank would normally be closed.  Each location has a set of services which can be derived from a set of default services. This means list of locations will change depending upon the service requested.
A database will be required to manage the locations, each locations services and appointment times. In addition, a simple UI that will allow an individual to maintain the locations, services and appointment times and see what appointments have been made. 
The application should send an email to the requestor with an attached calendar invitation with the details of the appointment: date, time, location and purpose.
This should be implemented with a multi-tiered distributed architecture. The server should be written in Java 8 or 11 using the Spring Framework (Spring REST, Boot, etc.).  Basic test cases for the server side (Junit or similar). The Web UI should be in Reactjs (bonus if the UI is responsive to multiple devices).  All communication between the Web UI and the Spring Framework will be RESTful. The database should be either H2, MySQL or MariaDB with 3 rd form Data Normalization. 
